Let us write  a program to take a day number and display name. variablei will take and
And here I will say cout enter day number than cin day.
I'm reading the volume in this video.
Now if day no. is one I will say Monday or two tuesday so on.
So let us write.
If day is equals to 1 then cout Monday
and endl. else now again i have to write down the condition.
So what I did do is,  i will copied and past it here.
This is for second day that is tuesday.
I'll copy this entire thing
I'll paste here.
This is for Wednesday
third day then it is wednesday
fourth day that is Thursday.
Fifth day is Friday.
6th is Saturday.
And finally
7 day is Sunday
else cout  invalid day number.
So here is a code for taking a day number and displaying day name.
Let me run this program
enter day number, i will say day is 4.
So I go there as it does Thursday.
I'll run it again enter day number so I will enter day as 7.
So I got Sunday.
Here it is Sunday now run it again. enter day number as 10.
So I got a message that is invalid day.
It's working.
Now one interesting thing I will show you I'll put a breakpoint on line 9 so that it will run to line
number 8 then it will start debugging from line 9.
So I'll put the breakpoint run.
Now here it is asking day number.
I'll give the day no. as 7.
That is for Sunday.
Let us check what happens. see it has stop at line number 9 where day is one, now  if I press F 7 then it will
jump onto
If-else see it has came to this line and checking whether day is it two then checking day 3
line then f7 it is checking here in this line.
That is the day 4 goes on to checking all the conditions.
Then next is the 5 and 6 then 7 Sunday, then it comes out.
See it has to check all the conditions to reach a 7.
So this code is little time consuming because for reaching 7 day it has to check all days from 1 to
7.
This type of code is called as
else-if ladder, now instead of using else if ladder we have a better syntax in C++ that is switch case
we can go for switch case so you can try this program by yourself.
Type the program and run and see.
I suggest you to make use of debugger.